feat(docs): add iOS swizzling docs (#13204)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/libraries/ios/index.mdx

[Surveys](/docs/surveys) launched with [popover presentation](/docs/surveys/creating-surveys#presentation) are automatically shown to users matching the [display conditions](/docs/surveys/creating-surveys#display-conditions) you set up.

## Method swizzling

The PostHog iOS SDK uses method swizzling to intercept and modify method calls at runtime to provide advanced features like:

- **Screen view tracking** - Automatically captures when view controllers are presented (`config.captureScreenViews`)
- **Element interactions** - Automatically tracks user interactions with UI elements (`config.captureElementInteractions`)  
- **Session replay** - Records user sessions (`config.sessionReplay`)
- **Surveys** - Displays surveys at appropriate times (`config.surveys`)

> - **Advanced session management** - Provides more precise session ID calculation and rotation by detecting user activity and idleness

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Advanced metrics tracking** - Provides more precise session ID calculation and rotation by detecting user activity and idleness
```

we are calling this in multiple ways, lets stick to one name for this feature, the product seems to be 'session metrics'

### Session management 

> Method swizzling is particularly important for accurate [session tracking](/tutorials/session-metrics). With swizzling enabled, the SDK can better detect user activity and idle times to provide a better session rotation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Method swizzling is particularly important for accurate [session metrics tracking](/tutorials/session-metrics). With swizzling enabled, the SDK can better detect user activity and idle times to provide a better session rotation. 
```
